So that first line of text that you just wrote is called The Shebang
[inspiring music and signing] sha-a-a-a-bang!
basically when you run your script before we were calling it, you know, we've said 'bash first_script.sh',
So when you typed this line, it tells you that you don't have to type that bash command anymore
because you're defining it right here.
You want to say--you're saying, I want to use this program /bin/bash, to run this script.
So that's why you should always have this as your very first line.
And the Shebang is kind of a weird name, but it comes from this hash sign, ha-SH, and then the
exclamation point is called a bang in the Linux world.
So "SH-bang", and then "bin-bash".  It might also come from the default shell, but before bash was just sh.
So shebang.
So it's just kind of a fun thing to learn about, but you can put other stuff in here.
So if we wanted to run our write our scripts in sh., we could, but we'll be writing all of ours
in bash since bash is used all over the place in Linux and everywhere else.  The only thing you need
to remember from this lecture is that this is called the Shebang and it should be the first line in
your--any script that you write.
[musical]: sha-a-a-bang!